etcd-manager: Add option to set backup retention (#14988)
kubernetes/kops: docs/operations/etcd_backup_restore_encryption.md

are stored in object storage (like S3) together with the cluster configuration.

By default, backups are taken every 15 min. Hourly backups are kept for 1 week and

> daily backups are kept for 90 days (or 2 years before kOps 1.27), before beingautomatically removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
daily backups are kept for 90 days (or 2 years before kOps 1.27), before being automatically removed.
```
